accounts: remove example using deprecated namespace (#8395)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/accounts/index.md

The public key is generated from the private key using the [Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliptic_Curve_Digital_Signature_Algorithm). You get a public address for your account by taking the last 20 bytes of the Keccak-256 hash of the public key and adding `0x` to the beginning.

> The following code snippet shows how to use a signing tool called [Clef](https://geth.ethereum.org/docs/clef/introduction) to generate a new account. Clef is an account management and signing tool that comes bundled with the Ethereum client, [Geth](https://geth.ethereum.org/). The `clef newaccount` command creates a new key pair and saves them in an encrypted keystore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to use a signing tool called [Clef](https://geth.ethereum.org/docs/clef/introduction) to generate a new account. Clef is an account management and signing tool that comes bundled with the Ethereum client, [Geth](https://geth.ethereum.org). The `clef newaccount` command creates a new key pair and saves them in an encrypted keystore.
```

```
> clef newaccount --keystore <path>

Please enter a password for the new account to be created:
> <password>

------------
INFO [10-28|16:19:09.156] Your new key was generated       address=0x5e97870f263700f46aa00d967821199b9bc5a120

> WARN [10-28|16:19:09.306] Please backup your key file      path=/home/.ethereum/keystore/UTC--2022-10-28T15-19-08.000825927Z--5e97870f263700f46aa00d967821199b9bc5a120

Author: ```suggestion
WARN [10-28|16:19:09.306] Please backup your key file      path=/home/user/go-ethereum/data/keystore/UTC--2022-10-28T15-19-08.000825927Z--5e97870f263700f46aa00d967821199b9bc5a120
```
